>> 22 minutes past 9:00
this Thursday morning.
Very good to have you with us.
My next guest is David Icke.
He's a former footballer
and sports broadcaster
who's now known as a
professional conspiracy
theorist.
He describes himself as
a full-time investigative
journalist searching
for the truth of what's
really going on in the world.
The author of over 20 books has
lectured in over 25 countries,
speaking for up to 10 hours to
audiences all over the world.
And he's preparing--
appearing, I
should say-- in the
Helix in Dublin tomorrow
night to talk about his book,
"Everything You Need to Know
but Have Never Been Told."
Dave, good morning.
>> Good morning, Ryan.
>> Thanks for coming
to see us today.
>> A pleasure.
>> Your talk tomorrow
in Dublin is sold out.
>> Yeah.
They nearly all these days,
anywhere in the world.
People will remember me as
the apparent nutter subjected
to historic levels of ridicule.
And I think the mainstream
media, and people in general,
thought that a corpse had
been left in the gutter,
and that was it.
But the corpse got up, started
walking, started running,
and now it's sprinting.
And suddenly, there's been this
enormous explosion of interest
in my work in the last--
well, particularly in the
last three or four years.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, can
you welcome onstage David Icke?
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
Wow!
>> (SINGING) One is the
loneliest number that
you'll ever do.
>> Do you think there could be
other life other than humans?
>> I do, yeah.
>> You're the one
with a theory, not me.
>> You don't even know
what my theories are.
>> If you don't give them
any reason to believe in you,
they will dismiss
you as a crank.
Because they're laughing at you.
They're not laughing with you.
>> Fine.
[APPLAUSE]
>> (SINGING) Yes, it's the
saddest experience you'll ever
know.
- I have to be stopped?
>> To stop you telling ties.
>> Answer the question.
>> To stop you telling lies.
You're such a thick head.
>> This is politics,
ladies and gentlemen.
>> Yes, I know people put a
lot of work into conspiracy
theories, but I still think
they're actually intellectually
lazy.
>> My last book before the
present one is 1,000 pages.
Have you read any of my books?
>> No.
>> How do you know that
it's intellectually lazy?
>> (SINGING) Number.
One is the loneliest number.
One is the loneliest
number that you ever do.
Number one is the loneliest
>> Your story is extraordinary.
Do you mind if we go
back to the beginning?
>> No.
>> Because I think it's a
perfectly appropriate place
to start.
Because I remember
watching you, when I
was a kid, on the morning
television programs.
>> That's right.
>> Well, I was born in Leicester
in the English Midlands
in 1952.
It was what they call in
Britain a working class family.
That just means we
never had any money.
I had a great childhood
because I didn't have phones,
and I didn't have computers.
I just had the world to explore.
My time as a kid was spent
playing football and watching
steam trains, basically.
And I remember my
first day at school,
at little infant school.
I went to school in the morning.
My mother said I had to go.
I didn't know what
it was all about.
School?
What's all that about?
And at lunchtime,
I'd had enough,
so I ran out at lunchtime
on the first day.
And I said to me mother,
no, I don't like that.
I'm not going back.
I said, I want to go down to
the shops like we always do.
And she said, oh,
you've got to go.
You've got to go.
And so I had to go and stick it.
I wasn't a confident lad.
And the good things
in life always
happened to other people.
They weren't going
to happen to me.
Because when you were
brought up in a working class
background in the
1950s and '60s,
you were pretty much going to
go off and work in a factory,
or you were going to work in an
office, or something like that.
But from the earliest age
when I realized these options,
I thought, I'm not doing them.
Now, just to the right here is
Leicester City Football Club.
It's a new ground now, but
it's right next to the old one.
On Saturdays, I used to come
down here and watch Leicester
City Football Club play.
I used to get in the ground,
one of the first people in so I
could get right behind the goal.
And I watched Gordon Banks at
real close range for years.
And that's how I learned
to become a goalkeeper--
just watching him play.
And then eventually, Leicester
City got interested in me
as a player when
I was in school.
And I used to come down
here and train with them.
That shop over there,
that everyday shop
used to be an electrical store.
And myself and Linda,
back in the-- what--
the 1970s-- used to live
up above that in the flats.
We used to rent it.
And it was so cold.
I used to go to bed every night
in the winter in an overcoat.
It was all we could
afford at the time.
I was working as a
journalist in Leicester
at the local newspaper,
which didn't pay a lot.
>> The Kube.
That's quite-- quite relevant.
>> I set out on a world speaking
tour in the summer of 2016
because I could feel that more
and more people were starting
to feel uneasy about the world.
They didn't like the
way it was going.
I just felt that there was--
there was an
ever-gathering number
of people who would be open to
hearing maybe what is going on.
>> Back in the day, obviously,
it was a real battle to try
and get anyone to
listen, to be honest.
When Dad was doing
his talks, he was
talking to five, six,
seven people sometimes.
You know?
And in a theater
that held hundreds,
so it was probably quite an
embarrassing scenario, really.
>> There was nobody, hardly.
I mean, there was a really nice
group of people around David.
And when we used
to go and be part
of the talks and the
workshops, yeah, there
was a man and a dog, quite
often, coming to these talks.
>> Putting out the chairs.
No one comes.
Putting back the chairs
and leaving poorer
than when you arrived.
>> But you always had a sense
that something bigger was going
to happen.
But it was-- it was
tough back then.
>> And I'm feeling--
I'm feeling quite
emotional tonight, really,
to think 60 years later,
60 fucking years later,
I keep getting
flashbacks of people at--
people at school
that I remember,
and football games
that I played in,
and wondering where
they all are now.
They might be
somewhere out there.
I don't know.
It's almost like a circle
completed, coming back here.
I can't really explain it.
I just feel very strange.
It's a special-- it's a
special moment for me.
It really is a
very special night.
- Cheers, folks.
Thanks very much.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, can
you welcome onstage David Icke?
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you very much.
Hey.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Well, back in Leicester
after all these years.
Bloody hell.
I love Leicester.
It's amazing to think
that a snotty-nosed kid
on the Goodwood Estate with his
shirt hanging out all the time,
it seemed, and 60 years
later, he's standing here
talking about this stuff.
Life's so funny
because you never
know where it's going
until you get there.
It's becoming more and
more of a challenge
to find places to speak
without it being canceled.
And I just want to pay
tribute to my son, Jamie.
You've seen him-- the big lad--
who has this uncanny ability
to move the pieces around
so that when people trying to
silence me move a piece here,
then he says checkmate there
and somehow finds another venue.
So I'd like to pay
tribute to him.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Every single event that we've
done anywhere in the world,
there's been certain groups
that have contacted venues,
made outrageous, libelous
claims about what Dave was going
to speak about,
and in many cases,
got venues to cancel on us.
>> They tell the organizers that
I'm going to go on the stage,
and I'm going to say a
stream of racist things,
none of which I've ever said,
none of which am I ever going
to say.
What then happens, staggeringly,
is instead of coming to you
and saying what these
people have said--
you're going to say this,
you're going to say that--
what's going on--
they pull the event.
And we hear about the
event we've been organizing
for months being canceled--
we hear about it in the media.
>> In Germany
alone, for example,
I've been in touch
with over 70 venues,
and we've still never managed
to pull off a German show.
And there's a venue
that we had in Berlin,
which to this day, no
one in well over a year
have never actually
contacted me to tell me
the event has been canceled.
I found out from
a German newspaper
when they published
a story about it.
>> And my website is blocked
in schools and universities
and colleges.
It's blocked in government
departments and government
agencies.
And here's me, one
person who was supposed
to be this great nutter.
And the system is desperate to
silence what I'm putting out
and to stop as many people
as possible ever hearing it.
Why?
I've agreed with the
government, because you
know how I always do what
the government tells me.
I've agreed with the government
and the mainstream media
to issue this warning
before we start.
There are no conspiracies.
I want to make that clear.
No one in the entirety
of human history
has ever conspired
with anyone else
to bring about a
desired outcome.
Anyone who says so is a kook.
Except if you say
it's the Russians,
it's always true every time.
This is one of the big
things going on today,
so important in terms
of human freedom.
We have the new religion
of I am offended.
It's about transitory,
illusory, irrelevant labels.
People get offended
about what people
say about their race, their
religion, their politics,
their gender, their culture,
all these labels, these labels
that we give ourselves that
are not actually who we are.
They're what we're experiencing.
And yet these labels are
used to create offense
and also the classic
divide and rule.
>> We begin tonight
with that breaking news,
a horrific scene in
Charlottesville, Virginia,
a white nationalist rally that
descended into deadly violence
and chaos.
The hate boiling over,
white supremacists
encountered protesters
fighting with fists and clubs.
Confederate flags
on full display,
the governor declaring
a state of emergency.
>> A car just plowed through
hundreds of people in downtown
Charlottesville.
>> I am a man, woman, black,
white, Christian, Muslim,
Jewish, Hindu, middle class,
working class, name, age,
and birth date.
I am my labels.
I am a label.
I have fallen into label
consciousness when all along,
the true self, the
true I, the infinite I,
that which leaves the body and
retains its consciousness--
indeed, expands its
consciousness as it leaves
the body--
filter, focus.
We are simply awareness,
a state of being aware.
What is race?
Same consciousness,
different color vehicle.
That's all it is.
What is sexuality?
Same consciousness,
different experience.
That's all it is.
It's not the color of our
skin that makes us different.
It's the color of our thoughts.
Or as Martin Luther King put it,
it's not the color of our skin.
It's the content
of our character.
And we can become so focused
on the five sense labels
that we cease to be
influenced by the vastness
of consciousness beyond it.
If we isolate ourselves-- and
this is what the system wants
us to do--
with self-identity, only
with the experiences,
then we don't let our minds
flow into the infinity
beyond this reality
and all that insight,
knowledge,
understanding, intuitive
knowing that is kept from us.
One of the great keys
to human enslavement,
individual and
collective, is to sell
the idea that your target
population is free,
the illusion of freedom.
Because people who
believe they are free
do not rebel about the
fact that they're not.
The key to it all, however,
is slavery of the mind.
This is a guy called
Edward Bernays.
He's still known today
as the father of PR,
what we would call now spin.
He said we are governed,
our minds are molded,
our tastes formed, our
ideas suggested largely
by men we have never heard of.
People are rarely aware
of the real reasons
which motivate their actions.
He called it the
invisible government.
It's that which
dictates perception.
I call it the program,
one big program.
That's what human life
is, if we allow it to be,
from cradle to grave.
And I call this hoax, this
program, the postage stamp
consensus, which is what people
are downloading all their lives
if they allow it to happen.
Get 'em early and
keep them for life.
It goes like this.
You come out of the womb.
Well, immediately, you are
having your perceptions
influenced by your parents--
not because they're bad people,
not because they're doing it
malevolently, but they've
been through the process
you're about to go through,
and they bought it.
They think it's the right thing
to do to pass it on to you.
And then in a
ridiculously short time--
what is it now,
three, four years?
You've come out of the womb.
You've only just
bloody got here.
And now you're
sitting at a desk,
and an authority
figure representing
the state is
telling you what is,
what isn't, what's possible,
what's not possible,
what has happened, what has
not happened, how things are,
how things are not.
They're telling
you when you have
to be there, when
you can leave, when
you can eat, when you can talk,
when you can go to the toilet.
And then you go through
all your formative years
downloading this program.
I'm on the postage stamp, and it
is a desperately limited range
of possibility which
runs science, which
runs medicine, which
runs politics, which
runs journalism, et cetera.
And if you stand on
the postage stamp,
you live in the real world.
You're credible.
But you step off
the postage stamp.
Actually, I think
there's more to know
than just that, you know?
You're mad!
You're dangerous!
You're all these things.
Stop these meetings.
Because the postage
stamp consensus
is what holds us in perceptual
servitude all our lives
if we allow it to.
And what is the postage
stamp consensus?
Oh, hold on.
I'm getting something.
Ah, yeah, it's bullshit.
That's what it is.
The fewer choices you have,
the less freedom you have.
And the way the
system is structured,
money dictates choice in the
great overwhelming vastness
of human society.
And that's why-- the
real reason why--
money is controlled as it is.
People say, oh, it's the greed.
Well, on one level, it is.
But the real reason for the
control of money and finance
globally is control.
Now the system says we have
the things you need to survive.
So what you do is
you do what we say.
You work as we say, and then
you will earn money from us
for buying the things
that allow you to survive.
And you buy them by giving
that money back to us.
This is a conspiracy
to enslave all of us.
And if we don't come
together, it will happen.
If we do, it will not.
>> Occupy Wall Street.
>> Wall Street.
>> Obviously, I've heard of it.
I've seen it on television.
>> Whenever you have the
taxpayer trying to bail out
the elite investors, a small
group of elite investors,
I think you have trouble.
>> What is the banking system
except almost the ultimate
network of parasites feeding
off the efforts and the labor
of the target population?
And the whole banking system
is based on a gigantic hoax,
and that is you
lend people money
that doesn't exist and
charge them interest on it.
Laws have been passed that
allow banks to lend massively
more than they actually have.
It's called fractional
reserve lending.
So when you go into a bank and
you ask for 100,000 pounds,
they type into your account
100,000 pounds of credit, which
is money that has never, does
not, and will never exist.
But you're not paying
back 100,000 pounds.
You're paying back 100,000
pounds plus interest.
The interest is never created.
So at no point, on purpose, is
there even nearly enough money
in circulation,
theoretical or otherwise,
to pay back all the principle
of the debt and all the interest
on the debt.
In other words, people losing
their land, homes, resources,
everything is built into
the system on purpose.
One of the things
that I talk about
is non-violent non-cooperation.
You know?
The few can't control the
many unless the many allow it.
I was speaking in
Croatia, in Zagreb.
And someone said
to me, do you know
there's a political party
here in parliament that
was inspired by your work?
And of course, jaw dropped.
What?
>> My name is Ivan Pernar.
I am a member of
Croatian parliament.
And I have seen that
there are many policies
that government execute
and people are opposed to.
I've wondered if it's
possible to create
a political party
which would reflect
popular opinion,
popular will, and not
the will of this elite
establishment, so on.
And so I decided to
create my own party.
And our party name
is [NON-ENGLISH]..
It means like a living wall.
It came because they were
obstructing evictions
because the banks evict a lot of
people who can't pay off debt.
And we claim that in the current
debt-based monetary system,
debt can't be repaid.
>> So they started ringing
houses that were about to be
foreclosed, and the
bailiffs were coming,
with people who just
wouldn't let it happen.
Are they streamed this
live on the internet,
and they got a lot
of coverage and a lot
of interest, a lot of support.
>> I think the greatest issue is
people not knowing how monetary
system works.
If they would know,
they would challenge it,
and everybody would
live much better off.
But of course, the
government does not
want people to fight elite.
And in order to prevent them
from this kind of warfare,
they need to divide
society within itself.
[NON-ENGLISH]
You realize that there
is a whole awakening
movement around the world.
And when I saw
what Icke is doing,
I was a bit jealous on him.
Like, wow, look at
what this guy is doing.
I wish I could do
something like him.
But I knew I would never be a
world-known author or whatever.
And I then said, well, I
can't do what he's doing,
but I can challenge this
system against which
he's speaking about locally.
And in essence, we managed
to pass into parliament.
In a single year, we
almost tripled our support.
So there is exponential growth.
And other political parties,
they are falling down.
Because what the system wants
is this traditional division
of left, right,
center, whatever.
In Croatia, we would say I'm
Croatian, you are a Serb,
or you're a Muslim,
I'm a Christian.
And we say, no, no, no.
We reject that division.
We believe in division
between the top 1% and the 99%
who are not at the
top and who are
being pressured into
supporting the system which
is working against them.
They're frightened of us.
People ask me, are you afraid?
I say, no.
They're afraid.
Because people don't
realize what's their power.
They don't understand
that it's people
who vote elected officials.
They don't elect themselves.
So if people control
election process,
if they participate
in it as voters,
they can decide who
will represent them,
and they can challenge it fully.
>> And it just
shows the potential.
If people will stop saying what
are they going to do about it
and start saying what we
are going to do about it,
this political party in
Croatia shows what is possible.
From the turn of 1989 when
I was in a room alone,
it felt like there
was something there--
a presence, you might call it.
And this, through 1989,
got stronger and stronger
and stronger and more
tangible until, in early 1990,
I'm with my son, Gareth,
who's a little boy then.
And we're on the
seafront in the town
where I live next to a new
shop, and sold a few books.
And I walked in to
this shop where Gareth
was looking at the books.
And as I turned to
say to him, come on,
Gareth, we'll go and get some
lunch, the atmosphere around me
changed.
And just a matter of two
or three weeks before,
maybe even less,
I had been sitting
in a hotel room in London when
I was working for the BBC.
And this presence was so
tangible, I actually said out
into the room, would
you please contact me
if there's something there?
Because you're driving
me up the wall.
And so shortly after that,
I'm in this new shop.
And the atmosphere
changed around me.
And I heard not a voice, but
a very strong thought form,
say to me, go and look at
the books on the far side.
So in a daze, I start
walking towards these books,
and I got there.
And hid among these
novels was one book
with a woman's face on the
front called "Mind to Mind"
by a woman called Betty Shine.
I picked it up because
it was different,
turned it over, read the blurb.
This lady is a
professional psychic,
and this is her life story.
Immediately I saw
that blurb, I felt,
I wonder if this
lady would pick up
what I've been feeling
around me in the last year?
So I read the book in 24 hours,
contacted her, went to see her.
Didn't tell her anything.
She reals her head back
and she said, my god.
I've got to close my
eyes for this one.
This is powerful.
And there I am sitting
there, in March, 1990.
And this lady starts telling me
what this presence in her mind
is telling her to tell me--
that I'm going to go out on a
world stage and reveal great
secrets, that one man
cannot change the world,
but one man can communicate
the message that can change
the world, that I was now
going out onto a world stage.
I would eventually
be world famous.
I would face
enormous opposition,
but they would always
be there to protect me.
And what was going
to happen is they
were going to lead me to
knowledge, and at other times,
they were going to put
knowledge into my mind directly.
From that time after I
left Betty Shine's house,
my life became this incredible,
synchronistic journey
of walking into
information, having
insight which later proved to
be correct by the unveiling
of information.
And that has now gone on for
the last nearly 30 years.
But from about the turn of
the millennium, the key,
the key thing came.
And that was an understanding
of what reality is.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
That's very kind.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
I'll quit while I'm ahead.
You know?
Love to be back in Dublin, and
lovely to be back at the Helix.
The first one to
control perception
is controlling the
perception of reality itself.
Now, if we don't
understand the very reality
that we're experiencing and
interacting with, how can
we understand anything?
We live not in a world, but
in a band of frequency--
actually, in a
band of information
within that frequency.
But we are aware and
live within, in terms
of our perception, a
tiny, tiny fraction of it.
This scene from "The Matrix"
is absolutely spot on.
">> Right now, we're
inside a computer program?
>> Is it really so
hard to believe?
>> Morpheus and Neo are in
a computer simulation akin
to this.
And Neo said--
>> This-- this isn't real.
>> This isn't real.
And Morpheus said--
>> What is real?
How do you define real?
If you're talking about what you
can feel, what you can smell,
what you can taste
and see, then real
is simply electrical signals
interpreted by your brain.
>> And that is all
this reality is.
>> You've been living
in a dream world, Neo.
>> This reality is nothing
like we think it is.
Up to the 1920s,
mainstream science
said there was one
galaxy, the Milky Way.
Less than 100 years later,
the highest estimate
is 2 trillion galaxies
in the universe.
From 1 to 2 trillion
in less than 100 years?
As Socrates in ancient Greece
is supposed to have said,
wisdom is knowing
how little we know.
Planet Earth is, by
comparison, the equivalent
of a billionth of a pinhead.
Look into the night sky.
Look at that blaze
of stars and lights.
Do you see everything
that exists in the space
that you are looking at?
And most people would say,
yeah, well, of course, mate.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And yet that is not
even fractionally true.
According to mainstream science,
the electromagnetic spectrum
is 0.005% of what exists
in the universe in energy
and other forms.
But visible light, which
is the only frequency
band that we can see, is a
tiny smear of the 0.005%.
Humans are basically
blind to what exists.
>> This could be
some simulation.
>> It could.
>> Do you entertain that?
>> Well, the argument for
the simulation, I think,
is quite strong.
>> This is real
when I touch that?
>> It feels very real.
Where are you?
Where are you, really?
You aren't anywhere.
You're in the computer.
>> What defines where you are?
Meanwhile, your
experience is clouded--
>> Why do you think you are
where you are right now?
You might not be.
>> I'll spark up a joint
if you keep talking.
Your manager is going
to come in here.
We might have to lock the door.
>> Right now, you think
you're in a studio in LA.
>> That's what I heard.
>> You might be in a computer.
>> We experience what is
apparently a physical world,
a solid, physical world where
everything is apart from
everything else.
And it appears to be
outside of us, but it's not,
not in the way we experience it.
The world out there that
we experience as out
there is actually in here.
What is Wi-Fi?
It's information carried
in radiation fields.
But you get a piece of
technology called a computer,
and it will tap in to
those radiation fields,
and it will decode them into
a form on the screen, which
is absolutely nothing like the
field is in its prime form.
>> And we are doing exactly the
same to create the reality we
think is so real.
We live in a sea of information,
of possibility, of probability,
just like Wi-Fi.
And through what I call
the biological computer,
the decoding processes
of what we call the body,
we are decoding information
from that Wi-Fi field
and putting it on our
screen, which exists in here.
When that construct
takes place, we
perceive what we believe to be
an external world around us.
But actually, it's only
going on in our heads.
Think of the air.
The air is taking vibrational
information that we call sound.
It's turning it into
electrical information.
It's communicating
it to the brain,
which then hears the sound.
There's no sound
passing between us.
We hear sound only
when we decode it.
As I speak now, my vocal cords
are creating a frequency field
of information.
Only when you decode those words
in the way that I'm describing
do you hear what
I'm actually saying.
We seem to be living in an
external world of solidity
when we're actually living
in a illusory world which,
in the decoded form,
is holographic.
>> When you see how close
virtual reality is now getting
to the reality
we're experiencing--
and the people at the cutting
edge of this field say it
won't be many years before
you won't be able to know
the difference.
>> We have that HTC Vive here.
And I've only done it a
couple times, quite honestly,
because it kind
of freaks me out.
My kids fucking love it, man.
They love it.
They love playing
these weirdo games
and walking around
with that headset on.
But part of me watching
them do it goes, wow,
I wonder if this is the
precursor to, like--
if you look at that phone that
Gordon Gecko had on the beach,
and you compare that--
>> Yeah, big cell phone.
>> Yeah.
You compare that
to a Galaxy Note 9,
how the fuck did
that become that?
Right?
And I wonder, when I
see this HTC Vive--
I'm like, what is that thing
going to be 10 years from now
when we're making fun
of what it is now?
What is it-- how--
how ingrained, and how
connected and interconnected
is this technology
going to be in our life?
>> It will be, at some point,
indistinguishable from reality.
>> How do they manifest
these virtual realities?
By using exactly the same
systems of decoding that
we used to create this one.
The gloves hack in
to the touch sensors.
The headsets hack in
to the sight sensors
and to the ear sensors.
And so what these
games are doing
is they are hacking in,
with an alternative source
of information, into
these decoding senses
that we use to
create this reality.
And it can appear to
be so incredibly real.
You're going to see people react
to what is merely information
being fed to their senses.
[SCREAMING]
The physics of computer games
and the physics of our reality
are basically the same.
This is a revolution,
and its time has come.
Thank you very much.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
Thanks for coming.
It's fantastic when
you get out there,
because you're just going
through an energy field,
and it's like--
it's almost like
a state of bliss.
>> I was saying all these
years that if what you say has
validity, it will eventually
be shown to be so.
And people are now coming to my
work in ever-gathering numbers
because of what
I've said way back.
So I say to people,
speak your truth.
The most astounding experience
I've had in all this
nearly 30 years came after
I'd seen Betty Shine,
and then I wrote a book through
that next few months called
"Truth Vibrations."
And something intuitively,
which is how I
started to operate after--
after this whole thing started--
said you've got to Peru.
You've got to go to Peru.
And I ended up at a place
called [INAUDIBLE] not far
from Puno on the shores of Lake
Titicaca, the highest navigable
lake in the world.
And I walk up to the
top of this hill,
and there's these
stones and stuff.
And I walk in
among these stones.
And then I heard, just like
in the new shop, not a voice,
but a strong thought form.
It said, they'll be talking
about this 100 years from now.
It will be over when
you feel the rain.
Cloudless sky,
piercing Peruvian sun.
It will be over when
you feel the rain.
Icke, you're going mad.
And out of the mountains
came this storm.
And eventually, I'm watching
this wall of stair rod
rain moved towards me.
What happened is this
energy coming through me
got more and more powerful, like
being plugged into the mains.
And then the rain hit me.
I was deluged in a second.
And the energy stopped.
And I staggered
forward like Bambi.
And something phenomenal
had happened in that moment,
because it was like,
when I look back,
being in a bubble of
perception all your life,
and then someone comes
along-- no warning--
bursts the bubble.
And concepts, insights,
knowledge, awareness
was pouring into
my conscious mind.
And it was like someone pressing
too many keys on a computer.
The computer can't
process the information
because there's too much.
And that's when I
went into a period--
only lasted three months--
where I didn't know what I
was doing, or where I was,
or what was going on.
>> And then, 1991,
it just went, bang.
>> I came back from
Peru to Britain.
And the book came out,
"Truth Vibrations."
And I was invited onto
a massively popular talk
show, early evening
on the BBC, called
"The Wogan Show"
fronted by a guy called
Terry Wogan, an Irish guy.
>> According to his book,
"The Truth Vibrations,"
the world as we know
it is about to end.
David Icke.
>> I remember this very clearly.
17 million people, I
think, was the audience.
It was absolutely massive.
I was sitting there.
The audience were laughing.
>> They're laughing at you.
They're not laughing with you.
>> Fine.
[APPLAUSE]
>> David Icke, the person
who had been the one that I
identified with up to that
point, was dying 1,000 deaths.
>> Initially, he's
going to get--
>> And I was thinking to
myself, my life's over.
>> Why should I impose my will?
Why should I try to impose
what I'm saying on anyone?
They have the right to
listen to what I'm saying,
to listen to what
the traditional--
>> If you don't give
them any kind of proof,
if you don't give them any
reason to believe in you,
they will dismiss
you as a crank,
which is what they're doing.
>> Well, that's their
free will choice.
>> But then, of course, the
press just had a field day.
We were ridiculed beyond belief.
Press camped outside the
house, followed us on holidays,
followed the kids from school.
>> Primary school, Dad was like
a hero, like BBC presenter,
massive--
all the kids would want
to play around the house.
And then literally like
that, it was all of a sudden,
kids won't come around
anymore, or they-- my Ravi
didn't play with him because
his dad's a bit-- you know.
>> I live my life to the sound
of laughter, distant laughter,
sometimes in-my-face laughter.
You know that Icke
guy who's gone crazy?
>> It was just amazing.
Horrible time.
Wouldn't wish it on anybody
to go and sit in a restaurant
somewhere and have people, whole
families pointing and laughing.
>> Going into a pub, forget it.
There was uproar.
And I went into this period
of absolutely historic levels
of ridicule.
I have this phrase I've
written in the books.
Life so often gives
you your greatest gift
brilliantly disguised
as your worst nightmare.
And mass ridicule on
that historic scale
in the face of it was a worst
nightmare, but it set me free.
And what was that freedom?
It was the freedom from fearing
or being concerned by what
other people think of you.
We are in a period now
where speaking your truth
and not being intimidated into
silence is not just important.
It's utterly crucial to where
humanity goes from here.
If I had not have gone through
that extraordinarily, extreme
experience and let go
of this concern of what
other people think,
does anybody think
I would have talked
and written about some
of the things I have since?
No way.
You don't accept it?
Don't accept it.
Fine.
But you're not going
to stop me saying it.
One of my great
surprises over the years
was to read in a newspaper
about a program, a radio
program in Britain that's been
running a very, very long time
called "Desert Island Discs."
>> My castaway this week is the
Pulitzer Prize-winning writer
Alice Walker.
>> And when she was asked
what book would you take
to the desert island, she said--
>> I would like to take "Human
Race, Get Off Your Knees"
by David Icke.
>> She said, when I met
her, there was this silence.
Did she just say a
book by David Icke?
I met her and spent hours with
her at her home in California.
And it's one of the most
memorable days of my life.
>> How are you?
>> I'm good.
>> Good.
>> Delighted to have time
to talk to you this time.
>> I know.
>> Hey.
>> I think David Icke
is a great teacher.
And I think he's really
the right teacher for now
because he's so present.
>> I've seen the view.
I do not understand
why you live here.
What makes you live here?
>> Well--
>> You should live
in downtown LA.
>> Yeah, exactly.
Well, you know, tough.
Come on in.
>> Thank you.
It's absolutely beautiful.
>> Yeah, it is.
>> You look incredible.
>> Really?
>> You do.
>> Well, thank you.
>> You look incredible.
>> Goodness.
That helps.
I'm so happy that
you could come.
I wanted to show you
our part of the world.
And this part right here
has been very comforting,
and it has a feeling
of safety for me.
>> It's got a great
calmness about it.
>> Yeah.
>> In fact, I was thinking about
some of the similarities that
we share.
>> Really?
>> And I was writing this
book called "The Temple
of my Familiar."
And honestly, the
synchronicities
were just, like, all the time.
Living here, it supported that.
You know?
And in fact, that's one
of my earliest connections
to your work and feeling
supported by similar energies.
>> Nice.
>> So I felt comfortable with
your work in a way that most
people-- many people up until
recently have not seemed
to be--
- No, comfortable.
>> We have the same car.
>> We have the same color.
We do.
Even the same color.
That's incredible.
Both sides of the
Atlantic, same car.
>> I don't know if anybody else
could do it but him, actually.
He somehow has all
the qualifications
for presenting it with enough
nerve, just sheer nerve.
>> Something in the energetic
field around you that you never
feel alone.
>> Right.
>> There's always
some support there.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's what drove me on
when everyone else was saying
crazy, and this is nonsense.
>> Well, my Aquarian
spirit helps me there,
because I've been trashed a lot.
But I have this
ability to just keep
going and feel that support.
From the time I was a child,
we lived way in the country,
and we were very poor.
And I used to have a stick
that I would walk along
the fence with, just
making what music
I could out of the
sound of the stick
on the fence in
perfect happiness,
because I felt all around
me that I was supported.
>> What I've found--
if a person just accepts--
well, actually, that I
wasn't told the truth, was I?
The next question is, well--
>> What else am I
being lied about?
>> What else am I not
being told that's not true?
And the dominoes start to fall.
I see that a lot.
So--
>> I think that we need him
as a teacher because some
of the subject matter is
so strange to most people,
strange just mainly because
they're not used to thinking
outside of a certain
box, if you will.
>> I came across these other
explanations for reality.
I'd been a professional
footballer.
I'd been a journalist.
I'd been a radio reporter.
I'd been on television.
I'd been in politics
in the Green Party.
I had lived quite
an expansive life.
I had never heard of it.
And my first question,
which actually
started to lead me
into the conspiracy,
was, why isn't this
taught in schools?
This is the stadium in which
this whole human society
is played out, keeping humanity
in ignorance of itself.
>> So we can be used.
>> Yeah.
If I've ever met a spiritual
soulmate in terms of the way
we see the world, then
it's Alice Walker.
She's just an incredible
example of someone
who doesn't just believe
something, but lives it.
And all these years
later, she's still there,
still driving on, still
challenging imposition
and challenging injustice.
And it was an absolute joy
to spend time with her.
I hope it's not the last
time that we ever meet.
>> I love his mind.
And I think for people
who enjoy exploring
the nature of reality and
unreality, what he teaches
is very intriguing.
I, for one, am just
deeply grateful.
I feel I've learned so much.
And it makes me feel more
at home in the mystery.
>> If you keep going,
and you don't give up,
and you don't apologize
for being you,
and if what you
say has validity,
then eventually it
will come together.
But if you don't--
if you don't keep
going when all seems
lost, when it seems
that it's going nowhere,
and it's all a
struggle, and the times
when the waters break and
the clouds open never comes--
no one said it would be easy.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hey.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
It's just incredible how
many people are here tonight,
because this was only
thought of about--
what, a month ago?
But the interest
now is incredible.
And that's why they're
trying to shut me up.
And it becomes more difficult to
find a venue big enough for all
the people that want to come.
And what this evening
is about is context.
This is what is absolutely
missing, not least
in the mainstream media--
context.
If you look at people,
organizations, happenings,
world events in isolation,
they look a certain way.
But you put them in context,
how they connect together
to a common direction, and whoa.
The world looks very,
very, very different.
The key is why
they are happening.
The why is what
opens the vista up.
The idea of the postage
stamp is to keep
us seeing only the
pieces, never the picture.
But connect the dots between
these organizations, people,
world events, happenings,
and suddenly, ah,
so that's what's going on.
This world of the seen
is being manipulated
from the unseen, which is
almost the entirety of existence
that we can't see.
People can say we are free, and
to them, it may seem like it--
being able to vote for
someone every four or five
years who then
does what they like
until they get the
chance to vote again
four or five years later.
It's called freedom.
But the idea is to not
let us see the bars
and not let us see the
walls of the prison.
What they want to do
is to make sure we
don't know what's going
on, but that we don't know
we don't know what's going on.
How it works is
you've got a spider
at the center of the
web, and then you've
got these strands immediately
around the spider.
All this is in the unseen.
And these secret societies,
symbolized by those strands,
are the most secretive,
the most exclusive.
Most of them don't
even have names,
so they're harder to uncover.
And then as you come
out from the spider,
still in the hidden, you
meet the secret societies
we do know about, like the
Freemasons or the Knights
Templar and the Knights
of Malta and Opus Dei
and the inner circle of the
Jesuit Order and others.
Now we hit the world that we
see, the world of governments
and banking systems and
corporations and government
agencies.
And at that point, we
think that the decisions
that are dictating to our lives
are being made by those people.
In the end, if you go deep
enough or high enough,
whichever symbol you
want, you hit this force.
But the vast
overwhelming majority
of people in these
areas of society
have no idea that that's the
case because of something
called compartmentalization.
And therefore, only a few at
the top know the big picture.
Everyone else only
knows a part of it.
What you do is you get
some blokes in suits,
and you plunk a head on them,
and you call them Republican,
or you call them Democrat.
These are the here today,
gone tomorrow politicians
that are basically irrelevant.
Because in the Republican
Party, for instance, there's
a group of people in the
background called the neocons
or neoconservatives, and they
control the Republican Party.
And they control the
Republican president.
They're controlling Trump now.
In the Democratic Party.
you've got another
group of people.
I call them the Democons.
And they control the
Democratic Party and whoever's
in the presidency.
They are the next stage
back into the hidden answer
to the same force.
So whoever the here today,
gone tomorrow politician is,
that is always in control.
It's known by some as
the permanent government.
And therefore, nothing changes.
Whoever you vote for, the
same direction of society
continues, because the
people you're looking at
are not the ones in control.
So when you see these
people that come to power,
they don't come to
power by accident.
They come to power by design.
The money, the media
coverage, all of that
goes to put them into
power to serve this web.
Some of them know a lot
about what's happening.
A lot of them know some
of what's happening,
and a lot of them know nothing.
They're just malleable people
who will sign the right paper
or push the right policy on
behalf of that in the hidden.
And yet if you don't know
that-- and most people don't--
then you have people
divided and ruled,
fighting each other over which
here today, gone tomorrow
politician is the right one.
And the hidden hand is
laughing its pants off
because that's exactly what
they want-- divide and rule.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Wow.
A Routemaster bus.
Thank you.
Well, good afternoon,
ladies and gentlemen.
Good afternoon.
Thanks for coming.
I know some people have
come from long distances.
And this is the alternative
tour over London.
In America in particular
now, the term "deep state"
is almost common parlance.
This hidden government, this
global hidden government
is always there.
And one of the great
censors of that is London.
Down there is Downing
Street, of course,
and the Ministry of Defense.
And Downing Street
is another location
for here today, gone
tomorrow politicians.
Hello, Theresa.
Are you all right?
And that's the Bank
of England where
they lend people money
that doesn't exist
and charge them interest on it.
It's called organized crime
in any other profession,
but in banking, it's legal.
We're heading round now
towards Buckingham Palace.
It's kind of extraordinary
when you think about it,
that we think now that we're
in a modern, advanced, mature
society.
But Britain, and indeed, the
countries of the Commonwealth,
have their head of state chosen,
to bring it down to basics,
by who had sex with
who in what order.
That's it.
That's how we choose who is the
head of state in this country.
They're in awe of them.
You're not supposed to turn
your back on the queen.
You have to back out the room.
Oh, it's the queen.
But do we ever ask
why is she queen?
This royal phenomenon is
an in-your-face example
of what is called today the 1%.
Over to the left
is the place where
most people think this
country is run from,
the houses of Parliament.
And if you can
get the population
to focus in the wrong place
where the decisions are being
made, but that aren't,
really, then you're
not going to get
people to see where
the power and the
direction of the world
is being controlled from.
And here we have, to the right,
on the other side of the river,
the Tower of London.
Maybe I'll end up there one day.
Who knows?
Oh, yeah, no probs.
>> Thank you very much.
>> I think the world is
going in the wrong direction.
But there's only him
maybe talking about it,
so it was really interesting
to see it from firsthand.
>> At least he's giving truths
out there that plant a seed.
And that's what the seed
needs to do-- plant and grow
so everybody knows
the truth of it.
>> People don't seem to
reject him as much anymore.
They open up.
I'm thankful for that,
gratefully, yeah.
>> Well, and the good thing
about him is he knows how
to laugh at himself, which I
think is something that a lot
of our politicians could
learn a lesson from.
>> A quick series a dot connects
to bring us to present day.
Show you how this works.
In the 1990s, a
group was created
in America called The Project
for the New American Century.
It was a neocon organization,
the one behind the Republican
Party.
It was co-founded by Robert
Kagan and William Kristol.
And in it was Dick Cheney, who
would become de facto president
with Bush, Rumsfeld,
who would be
head of the Pentagon,
the Defense Department.
His deputy, Wolfowitz,
Dov Zakheim,
who controlled the entire
budget of the Pentagon,
his comptroller, and this
man, John Bolton, who's
never seen a country
he didn't want to bomb.
And in September, 2000, this
lot produced a document.
In this document, they
called for American forces
to fight and decisively win
multiple simultaneous major
theater wars.
They named the countries--
Iraq, Libya, Syria, Lebanon,
Iran, North Korea, China.
Nothing changes a status
quo quicker or more
permanently than a war.
So status quo-- you have a war.
New status quo-- you
have another war.
New status quo.
And each one's taking
you nearer and nearer
to your goal, which is the
global centralization of power.
How many people do you
know that want a war?
Hardly anybody, but we
have them all the time--
war after war after
war after war.
And it's this web that
is driving these wars.
This is why there is
always money for war--
because the web is deciding
what governments spend money on,
and they want the war.
So no one ever says,
we can't go to war.
We can't afford it.
General Wesley Clark, former
NATO Supreme Allied Commander,
he was interviewed in 2007.
And he said that
immediately after 9/11, he
went to the Pentagon and was
told by a general friend of his
in the so-called
Joint Chiefs of Staff
that the decision had
been made that America
was going to invade seven
countries in five years.
And the countries he
named were the countries
named by the Project for
the New American Century
in September, 2000.
>> About 10 days after 9/11,
I went through the Pentagon,
and I saw Secretary Rumsfeld
and Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz.
I went downstairs
just to say hello
to some of the people
on the joint staff who
used to work for me.
And one of the
generals called me,
and he said, sir,
you've got to come in.
You've got to come in
and talk to me a second.
I said, well, you're too busy.
He said, no, no.
He says, we've made the decision
we're going to war with Iraq.
This was on or about
the 20th of September.
I said, we're going
to war with Iraq?
Why?
He said, I don't know.
So I came back to see
him a few weeks later.
And by that time, we were
bombing in Afghanistan.
I said, are we still
going to war with Iraq?
And he said, oh,
it's worse than that.
He said-- he reached
over on his desk.
He picked up a piece of
paper, and he said, I just--
he said, I just got
this down from upstairs,
meaning the secretary of
defense's office, today.
And he said, this is
a memo that describes
how we're going to take out
seven countries in five years.
>> Number one, Bush,
Republican, Blair, Labour,
picked Iraq off the list,
because that's what they were
told to do.
And Iraq, of course, was
invaded through weapons
of mass destruction
that didn't exist,
because it was on the list.
It had to be targeted.
They didn't have an excuse.
They made one up.
Then there's this
transformation.
Now we go from Labour to
Cameron, David Cameron,
the British prime
minister, Conservative.
And we go from Republican
Bush to Democrat Obama.
But what do they do?
They tic Libya off the
list, again based on a lie.
And they start the process to
create the Civil War in Syria.
Now drain the
swamp man comes in,
and he's targeting Syria and
more and more targeting Iran.
>> Iran's leaders sow chaos,
death, and destruction.
They do not respect their
neighbors or borders
or the sovereign
rights of nations.
Instead, Iran's leaders
plunder the nation's resources
to enrich themselves and to
spread mayhem across the Middle
East and far beyond.
>> The hidden hand
is calling the shots.
They come and they go.
Where they want it to
lead, if we let them,
as I've been saying in
Brighton since the 1990s,
is World War III.
They always planned
three world wars.
And what they want to do is play
off NATO against Russia, China,
and allies like Iran.
And that's what this is
all about, this insane
demonization of Russia that
goes on day after day after day.
They're seeking to soften
up global public opinion,
Western public opinion,
to accept a war.
This is why you're
having this massive NATO
buildup of arms and troops
on the borders of countries
that border Russia.
>> Next, leaders from NATO
countries met in Poland today
to finalize plans to beef
up the military alliance.
For the first time
since the Cold War,
multi-national troops
will continuously
rotate through four
countries in Eastern Europe.
>> Russia has called this
buildup a provocation.
Is this a provocation?
>> I would view
it as a deterrent.
And if I was looking
at it through the lens
of a potential
aggressor, I would
say it's an exceptionally
capable deterrent.
>> You've got all these troops--
American troops,
British troops--
that think they're
fighting for their country
when what they're doing is
fighting for that force which
is destroying their country and
is aimed to create a nightmare
world for their kids
and their grandkids.
If you keep invading
countries like Iraq,
then people will look
up from the game show
and go, Ethel, Ethel.
They're invading someone else.
What's going on?
So what you do is you get the
population, or some of it,
in the target country to unseat
the leader you want to remove.
And this is the
specialization of a group
of organizations called the
Open Society Foundation.
It's run by this billionaire
Democon, George Soros.
They were behind
the manipulation
of the Arab Spring.
That went well for
Arabs, didn't it, that?
And they are behind what are
called color revolutions,
like the Rose
Revolution in Georgia
and the Orange Revolution
in Ukraine, where they get
the people to appear to have a
revolution against the leader,
but actually, that's not
what's really going on.
Now, a few weeks ago
now, George Soros
announced that he was going
to transfer $18 billion
to his Open Society
Foundation group,
bringing his total donations
so far to $32 billion.
That's the kind of money
that is there to be
used to disrupt countries.
And one of the Soros
Open Society coups
was in Ukraine when they
replaced President Yanukovych,
that was looking to Russia,
with this guy Poroshenko, who
is a puppet of America.
And the person who oversaw
that was Victoria Nuland,
Assistant Secretary of
State for Eurasian Affairs,
who is the wife
of the co-founder
of the Project for the New
American Century, Robert Kagan.
When you get deep
in the rabbit hole,
it's a very, very,
very small world.
And the trigger for all this,
this sequence that we're still
seeing unfold, was 9/11.
And in that document
in September, 2000,
it said that unless there
was a new Pearl Harbor,
then this process
of regime change
would necessarily be slow.
In the words of the document,
further, "the process
of transformation is likely
to be a long one absent
some catastrophic and catalyzing
event like a new Pearl Harbor."
And one year to the month
after this was published,
nine months after
the people that
wrote it came to power
with Bush, America
had what Bush called
at the time the Pearl
Harbor of the 21st
century, which started
the whole sequence running.
Know the outcome, and
you'll see the journey.
This is why it's important to
uncover where they want to go,
what their outcome is.
Because once you
know their outcome,
seeing the steps every
day towards that outcome
are a doddle.
But if you don't
know the outcome,
then these steps are now random.
There seems to be no connection,
but the outcome connects them.
And this structure,
this pyramid,
is where it's all been leading.
I call it the "Hunger
Games" society.
They want an elite 1% at
its core, less than 1%,
that dictate everything.
They have all the wealth.
They have all the power.
They have control
of the military.
They have control of
government, the whole shebang.
At the bottom,
they want the rest
of humanity, basically, even
those who, at the moment,
think they're doing OK.
They've got some
money in the bank.
They've got a nice
house and that stuff.
None of this matters to me.
If you're not in the 1%,
they want that as well.
And in between, they want this,
quite demonstrably unfolding
around the world,
police state-- actually,
in the end
police-military state--
to hold this status quo
and to impose the will
of the 1% on the population.
The outcome is they want a
world government, a world army,
a world central bank
dictating all finance
and a world electronic currency.
This is why they are running
around like headless chickens
trying to stop Brexit now.
They never believed that
anyone would vote to come out.
Now they're trying to stop
it because the idea is
more and more countries
are sucked into the EU,
not that anyone leaves.
And it's because they want a
police and military state where
they both fuse that we're
seeing the police look
and act more and more like
the military all the time.
This is why a Pentagon
program called
1033 is giving tanks to local
police forces in America.
>> Someone has to explain why
your local police department
has gone from this to this.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Warren County, New York,
population 65,000 and home
to Lake George, is a
wintertime postcard--
peaceful, picturesque,
and well protected.
This September, the
sheriff's department
took delivery of a fully
armored, mine-resistant vehicle
called an MRAP, the same piece
of equipment used by soldiers
in Iraq and Afghanistan.
>> I would be remiss in doing
my job if I didn't prepare
for the worst.
>> But York is the
Warren County Sheriff.
>> I'm tasked with protecting
the public and protecting
my people.
That accomplishes
both of those goals.
>> Once you start dressing
and equipping people like
an occupying army, they
start acting like one.
Every day there's another
story in the paper about cops
beating innocent people.
The video that's been
making the rounds out
here lately is a patrolman
punching the lights out
of a deranged
homeless grandmother.
Even worse-- that's
their training video.
>> So the web controls politics,
money, commerce, media,
military, science,
medicine, and religion,
and thus controls
perception and outcomes.
When we free our perceptions,
we free our lives.
And if enough of us
do it, then the world
becomes free into a world that,
instead of being a prison,
can become the paradise that
it once was and can be again.
Only because we
change, the world
must change, because we are
the world, and the world is us.
Thank you very much for coming.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
That's very kind.
>> Honestly, this is for
James Holdworth, so James.
>> Yeah, no problem.
>> Thanks to you.
>> Cheers.
>> It was lovely to meet you.
>> Lovely to meet you both.
>> Bye.
Cheers, mate.
All the best.
Thanks for coming.
Where are we going?
That way.
>> Did you enjoy that?
>> Fantastic, man.
Great, great people.
The people who come to my
events are absolutely fantastic
people.
They've got their
hearts centered.
>> [INAUDIBLE] how
we arrange the tour.
Someone is always contacting.
When are you coming
to Newcastle?
to the Northeast?
Always.
>> This one, is it?
>> Yes, mate.
>> Cheers, mate.
Ah.
I enjoyed that so much.
It makes it all
worthwhile when you--
you see people like that who--
you know, their minds are open.
Their hearts are open.
It's just brilliant.
And it's a cross-section
of the population.
You know, there was a lot
of people there tonight,
I would take it, that
never heard it before,
which is exactly what
you want, really.
I'll be sad when this
little tour is over, really.
I'm enjoying it
really enormously.
If we were going
to be stopped, it
was going to be in the old days
when no one wanted to know.
It's not gonna be now.
They're on the wrong
side of history.
That's for sure.
Where we're sitting now in
this relatively small part
of America is the
epicenter through which
the end of humanity as we
know it is being orchestrated.
>> Up to this point, human
perception has been controlled
by controlling as much as
they possibly could through
religion, through media control.
By controlling the information
that people receive from which
they form perceptions,
humanity has
been manipulated
to become clever
in the sense of intellect--
clever enough to build its
own technological prison,
but not wise enough to see
that that's what it's doing.
What we call today fantastic
technological progress--
I'm not saying there's not
some good things about it.
But what it is in its
totality, and its base form,
is a prison for the human mind.
People never ask this question.
What is AI?
This AI mind control,
the assimilation,
is unfolding before
our eyes if we only
see the outcome and therefore
the steps towards it.
You're going to
have people attached
to technology, their brains
attached to technology and AI.
You've got to get
them addicted to it.
Stage one-- get them
addicted to holdables,
technology they hold, and start
them as young as possible.
>> 50% of teens report that
they feel addicted to their cell
phones.
>> There's nothing to
do without a phone.
>> I know.
Well, I've got an iPad so I
can watch TV or something.
But I can't read for,
like, five hours straight.
>> I know.
>> Reading is boring.
I don't want reading.
>> This is the first study that
shows a direct link between
screen time and mental health.
The researchers note that
rates of anxiety and depression
in young people have
actually risen over 70%.
>> They call it digital
heroin because it becomes
an addiction, because
the electronic stimulus
and the digital stimulus becomes
an addiction to the brain just
like a drug does.
That's why they put
them down, and they
have to pick them up again.
>> The frenzy does
not seem to die down,
but that's what Apple is hoping
with higher-than-ever stakes
for your smartphone dollar.
Here's ABC's Linzie Janis.
>> Out-of-control lines, people
waiting hours, even days.
Apple fans across
America don't appear
to be losing any enthusiasm
over the iPhone, things
in LA even turning violent.
Check out this
brawl that broke out
after one man discovered someone
had been paying homeless people
to hold places in line.
>> After the
holdables, wearables,
you want to get in the body.
So now the next stage
is to get on the body.
This is your Google Glass
and your Apple Watch
and your Bluetooth.
And then finally, implantables
get inside the body.
Gotcha.
>> The latest office innovation
is a microchip implanted
in the skin.
>> This is the first American
company to ever try this.
>> So what are they tracking,
and would you say yes
if your boss asked
you to do the same?
>> Turns out one of the biggest
discoveries is actually this
tiny.
You see how small that is?
This little chip may
be the next big thing.
And it sounds like it's
right from a sci-fi movie,
but people all over the
world are implanting these
into their wrists.
>> Once you know the outcome,
you can see the journey.
And in terms of the
ultimate end game, which
is to attach the human mind, the
human brain to AI so that AI--
artificial intelligence
becomes the human mind,
and the human mind as
we know it is no more,
you can see the progression
there of the stepping stones.
And this is why we are at
the cusp of a massive choice
that humanity has.
Because if we go on down this
road for not much longer--
and some of these major
players in Silicon Valley,
like Google's Ray
Kurzweil, they're
talking about this AI
brain connection happening
around 2030 onwards.
>> And let me
summarize it for you.
Now, today, you have a
computer in your phone.
But if you need 10,000
computers for a few seconds
to do a complex search, you can
access that for a second or two
in the cloud.
In the 2030s, you need
some extra neocortex,
you'll be able to connect
to that in the cloud
directly from your brain.
And so over the
next few decades,
we're going to do it again.
We're going to again expand
our neocortex, only this time,
it won't be limited by a fixed
architecture of enclosure.
It'll be expanded without limit.
That additional
quantity will again
be the enabling factor for
another qualitative leap
in culture and technology.
Thank you very much.
[APPLAUSE]
>> The sales pitch of connecting
the human brain to technology
is it will make us superhuman.
That would be great.
But actually, even though
they're that close to it,
they still haven't seen it.
They're still looking at dots
and not seeing the picture.
This is where it's all going.
And we are sitting now
in the epicenter of it,
in front of a nondescript
building that seems
to just be a search engine.
Oh, Google.
It's Google this, Google that.
But actually, we're sitting at
the epicenter of human control.
>> What does the Pentagon and
the intelligence agency complex
want?
It wants control of
every bit of data,
control from the population.
Silicon Valley gives it them.
It wants to dictate what
people see and don't see.
Silicon Valley increasingly
gives it to them.
And it wants an
AI-controlled human race.
And through Silicon Valley
and its corporations,
that is what is being developed.
Pentagon Inc-- these
are masquerading
as private companies.
They are Pentagon fronts.
That's why they do what they do.
You know, these organizations
like DARPA and the CIA,
they have their
technological arms
which seed fund corporations
and technology that
have a means of
serving their agenda.
And the CIA organization
is called In-Q-Tel, or IQT,
which has seed funded
these organizations.
You know Siri, this Apple office
assistant, and this office
assistant technology?
And people have them
all in their homes now.
God knows why.
It was seed funded by DARPA,
the same organization that
creates genetic extinction
technologies and death rays.
>> It takes a renegade mind that
looks at it in a different way,
and especially an outside
mind who's not in it,
to see the blatantly obvious.
If we don't see the picture,
then the future for humanity
is very unpleasant indeed.
If we do see the
picture and head it off,
then we can start to build
a world worth living in.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
People have reminded me over
the years of that famous quote
by Gandhi, which said
first they ignore you,
then they laugh at you, then
they fight you, then you win.
I went through the
period of ridicule.
period of being ignored.
I went through the period of
being laughed at in the street.
And now it's completely changed.
Instead of being laughed at in
the street around the world,
I'm stopped in the
street to talk seriously
about the information.
Instead of wondering where the
next audience is coming from--
as I used to say,
I could have spoken
in a phone box for many years,
and there'd still be room.
And the interest is fantastic.
[APPLAUSE]
>> People are just waking
up, which is amazing.
And I think it's becoming
more obvious now.
I think as the
agenda is obviously
going nearer and nearer
and nearer to the end goal,
it's just opened
itself up, and it's
becoming more and more obvious.
And that's
encouraging, massively.
>> People aren't
buying it anymore.
They're not buying the official
explanation of everything.
>> And more and more people are
mistrusting of their mainstream
media sources and
their politicians,
and so on, because they've been
given so many examples over
the years that they
can't be trusted.
>> I feel the genie
is out of the bottle,
and it's not going back.
We had a tax
imposed in the 1980s
by Margaret Thatcher
called the poll tax.
It was a desperately unjust tax.
And large numbers of people
simply refused to pay the tax.
What happened?
They had to change
the tax and drop it.
Not only that.
It was the start of the
end for Margaret Thatcher,
who was perceived as the Iron
Lady and who was impregnable.
And all people have done
is say no, not doing it.
Someone comes out
of Downing Street.
of the White House.
They say, we've had
a meeting, and this
is what's going to happen.
What if enough people
say, we're not doing it?
We're not doing it.
Where is their power?
There is none.
The power of the few is in
the acquiescence of the many.
And if we stop acquiescing
with our own enslavement,
we cannot be enslaved.
We are at a fork in the road.
If we go on as we
are, we will live
in a fascistic, Orwellian
global state within decades.
And I'm being seriously
optimistic when I say decades.
If we take our power back,
and we start questioning,
and we stop fighting
among ourselves,
then 7.5 billion people can't
be controlled by a handful
if the 7.5 billion, A,
know what's going on,
and B, won't have it.
My whole life has
been synchronistic
when I look back, amazing
coincidences leading me
in certain directions.
But since I had my
mind explosion in 1991,
the synchronicity have
been unbelievable.
And here we are.
We're filming about
my life, which
is about defending
and expanding freedom.
We've come onto the pier
where I stood as a kid,
watching steam trains go past.
And there's some kids
here on the beach.
And look what they're
writing in the sand.
>> Freedom!
>> I get--
I get emotional with
it because of what's
happening in the world compared
to what could be happening--
the enslavement that could
be freedom, the illness that
could be health.
That's what drives me on--
knowing what it could be.
I can see it traveling
around the world
and seeing people awakening,
seeing through the bullshit,
seeing through the hoax, seeing
through the manipulation, which
is what is holding
us in servitude.
And the kind of people
that are seeing it--
former system people who you'd
never think would see it.
Young people are seeing it.
People in their latter
years are seeing it.
There is something happening.
There's something happening.
This is-- just something
simple like this
is just so frickin' symbolic
of where we are going.
And we must not stop
until it happens.
I mean, what kind of
world are those kids
going to live in if
we go on as we are?
But we're not going to,
much as that will distress
those that wish it to happen.
Good.
>> There is an end
game, and it's here.
That drives me on.
That gets me up in
the morning every day
to go on pounding this out.
It's what gets me on
planes all the time
going around the world talking.
And if you look at the
history of the world,
it's renegades, by
that definition,
that are the only people that
have ever changed anything.
Martin Luther King
was a renegade.
Gandhi was a renegade.
Over and over again, across
all the institutions,
you've had medical renegades
and scientific renegades,
political renegades.
And they're always the
ones that change anything.
Why?
Because they're
challenging the status quo.
It's the only way we're
going to change anything.
The world needs renegades.
And it needs them now,
and it needs them fast.
>> This is another example
of the ritualistic madness,
this guy wearing all this
uniform on a hot day sitting
on a horse.
And it just-- what
the horse does--
it stands there.
Imagine what that must
be like for the horse.
And people go along and have
their picture taken next
to this.
And there's another
one over there.
And what the fuck?
>> You seek Sadiq Khan for
that, because he's the one--
he's the mayor [INAUDIBLE].
>> So you need a press pass to
stand on the pavement to take
a picture of a man on a horse
when the public can take
as many as they want?
That seems strange.
You think that's strange?
>> [INAUDIBLE] strange.
[INAUDIBLE] weird.
>> OK.
Let's go.
I think it's strange.
I think it's mad.
You can't take a
picture of that man
on that horse for a documentary.
You can only do it
for personal use.
It's like marijuana, isn't it?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> One aspect of shutting down
opinions and information that
the system doesn't want
circulate is to absolutely
intimidate people into silence.
And out of this
building, of course,
has come the infamous
Twitter storm.
That's when you post
something that's
outside of the official
narrative, and whoa!
You get endless abuse.
I have a method, a methodology
of dealing with Twitter storms.
And it goes like that.
OK?
If you don't agree with
a word I say, please
be my guest, because
that's your human right.
That's your freedom.
But if you think that
you can have an opinion
and I can't, well, see that,
because I don't give a shit.
You have a right to freedom.
Great.
And you want that, don't you?
Oh, yeah, I have freedom.
I like to say what I like.
Well, I have that right too,
and so does everyone else.
And if you don't like that,
well, have some of that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]